docs: create naming convention for needs (#362)
eclipse-score/score: docs/process/guidance/general/index.rst

General
=======

.. _naming_convention_files:

Naming Conventions of Files
---------------------------

The overall naming convention is to use snake case for all files and folders (all files are named lowercase and spaces are replaced by underscores).

.. _naming_convention_needs:

Naming Convention for UIDs
--------------------------

> The naming convention for the UIDs of all elements shall be defined as follows:

Reviewer: "all elements" or all except process UIDs?

Author: the first 3 bullet points are relevant for all UIDs

General
=======

.. _naming_convention_files:

Naming Conventions of Files
---------------------------

The overall naming convention is to use snake case for all files and folders (all files are named lowercase and spaces are replaced by underscores).

.. _naming_convention_needs:

> Naming Convention for Sphinx Needs

Reviewer 2: Process should not mention sphinx needs. Move this to tool guidance?

Author: Reformulated to UID

----------------------------------

The naming convention for the ID of all *needs* shall be defined as follows:

It shall

> * not exceed 30 characters

Reviewer 2: I personally don't like hard limits. There is always a reason to write just 2 letters more.

```suggestion
* should not exceed 30 characters
```

Author: Changed to should

* show a meaningful name
* consist of 3 parts separated by double underscore

>    * prefix (uppercase)

Reviewer 2: random idea... if EVERYTHNG is lower case... why are the prefixes upper case?

Author: sounds reasonable

   * structural element (lowercase)
   * keyword (lowercase)

> The prefixes are defined in the `metamodel <https://github.com/eclipse-score/score/blob/main/docs/_tooling/extensions/score_metamodel/metamodel.py>`_

Reviewer 2: FYI: we'll not remember to update such links when .py files change. We should remember to replace that once we have source code linking?!

Author: Link removed

General
=======

.. _naming_convention_files:

Naming Conventions of Files
---------------------------

The overall naming convention is to use snake case for all files and folders (all files are named lowercase and spaces are replaced by underscores).

.. _naming_convention_needs:

Naming Convention for UIDs
--------------------------

The naming convention for the UIDs of all elements shall be defined as follows:

* It should not exceed 30 characters
* It shall show a meaningful name
* It shall only consist of lowercase, digits and underscores

For all UIDs except for process UIDs also following convention shall be applied:

* It shall consist of 3 parts separated by double underscore
   * prefix
   * structural element

>    * keyword

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * some_keywords (separated by single underscrore)
```

The prefixes are defined in the metamodel.

> Structural elements depend on the type of the need for requirements it could be an abbreviation for the feature / subfeature.

Reviewer 2: Please check this sentence

Author: rephrased

The keyword shall indicate the content of the requirement.

As examples:

* feat_req__ipc__e2e_protection
* comp_req__kvs__storage

> For UIDs which refer to the process repository the structural element shall only be optional:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For UIDs which refer to the process repository the structural element is optional:
```
